Don't move.
People all live according to their destiny.
Having a mother like me is your destiny.
Your daughter will live without
her parents. That's also her destiny.
So don't blame me!
Mom. Mom!
Mom!
A woman who can kill her
child can go to all lengths.
That is the reason I fear her.
Why did she suddenly appear
after living so selfishly?
She came to visit me in my classroom.
She said she wants to work with me.
She just wants to use me...
to strengthen her position in her company.
What did you say to her?
Everything is over once you
get involved with that woman.
I rejected her, but she
won't give up easily.
- What will she do?
- She will try to persuade me...
no matter what it takes.
Jung Hwa Young, 49 years old?
(Name: Jung Hwa Young)
Is she 10 years older than him?
She's completely a grandmother.
Who are these children?
They are her sons,
Jung Tae Yang and Kim Woo Joo.
What?
They have different last names.
Do they have different fathers?
Yes.
This is ridiculous.
Is Jung Do some kind of philanthropist?
She's not only old, but also
had messy relationships with men.
What are the fathers like?
I found out about the father
of the 2nd child, but not the 1st.
Why is that?
She must have given birth
when she was 19 years old.
Strangely, there's no recorded
information before her 20s.
What do you mean?
Well, I could not find any
traces of her before her 20s.
What kind of secret does she have
to have no traces of her whereabouts?
What does Jung Tae Yang do for living?
He's working at a resort in Guam.
I can't ask him in person then.
Find the father of the
second child quickly.
He must have heard something
if he had a child with her.
Yes, ma'am.
We don't know his father.
I sense something fishy here.
I will find something dirty in
the end if I comb everything in detail.
I will be more thankful if
the secret is fouler.
(Episode 5)
You must be anxious
as you get nearer to Seoul.
- You keep sighing.
- Don't mess with me.
You can be honest with me.
The menu development
contest is just an excuse.
Your real intention is
to chase after Ru Ri.
It was my mistake that day.
After you left, I was desperate
of the thoughts of you.
I love you. Let's get married.
Lee Myung Rang.
I'm sorry. That was too much.
But Manager Jung,
you can't expect an easy, smooth path.
- It's going to be difficult.
- What do you mean?
Persuading Ru Ri will be difficult.
But her father is even more difficult.
She has a curfew.
Her father will shave her head...
if she gets home after 9pm.
That's not the end.
During college, she couldn't
drink or even participate in events.
How could she cause trouble
in that circumstance?
I feel so bad for Myung Tae.
Even if they were in a relationship,
they probably couldn't do anything.
I'm still envious of Ru Ri.
It means that he really loves her...
when he's concerned about her like that.
Why? What is your father like?
Mine?
My father is probably a rich man.
Really?
It's usually like that in dramas.
If you have a secret about your birth,
you're a rich man's son.
Be good to me.
Then...
I've never seen the face of my real father.
Is he really the son of a rich man?
Samsong or Hyondai?
Or Xk?
Congratulations on getting discharged, Dad.
Congratulations on coming home unharmed.
This is my gift for your discharge.
What is this?
(Spa Ticket at Kings Hotel)
Father, you know that I prepared
the gift, don't you?
Of course. Thank you.
Anyway,
today is a historical day.
Just as I returned from the jaws of death,
our family has been brought
back to life again.
In other words, while I was
having near-death experience,
I forgave your mom who was...
trying to break apart our family.
Mother, then did you give up
on your marriage graduation?
This is great.
Mother, congratulations.
Thank you, and good job.
You made the right decision, Mom.
I made concession for your guys' sake.
The best thing in this world
is having a great family.
You're so right.
All right. Why don't we toast for that?
For us!
For men are powerful,
for women are beautiful,
and today is a wonderful day!
To our family and our happiness!
- To us! - To us!
The photo arrived.
How is he?
He's 34 years old.
He went to an engineering school, and he's a promising...
assistant manager at the Korea Expressway Corporation.
Who is he?
What are you talking about? He's your future husband.
He's more than enough to be your husband.
So go meet him on Saturday.
Dad.
Honey.
Hold on. Here we go.
I know I've committed a grave sin.
I'll do everything you tell me to do from now on.
Promises are meant to be kept.
I didn't know you were coming.
I want to try out the contest for menu developers.
You'll stay in Korea once you win the contest, right?
You should! I really missed you.
They're right. You're 30 now.
It's time for you to settle.
Hold on. I think you might have another reason for it.
Another reason?
You left no matter how hard we tried to keep you here.
Why did you come back all of a sudden?
I think the food contest is just an excuse.
Isn't there a real reason why you came back?
I got it! Tae Yang, you got a girlfriend, didn't you?
- What? - Goodness. That must be it.
Who is she? Is she pretty?
Bring her home. We'd like to meet her.
When is the contest?
As soon as it's over, I'll cook a big meal for you and her.
Goodness, calm down.
My family always gets ahead of themselves.
We're not that serious. She's just on my mind.
Then it's really about a girl?
- Awesome! - Awesome!
Let's shake hands.
You met ladies from all over the world.
You're into only one lady now.
Tae Yang, tell me. What is she like? How great is she?
She's not great. She's just different.
In what ways?
When I look at her,
she makes me smile.
- Goodness, look at you. - What's happening now?
I guess he really likes her.
Mom, I should go on the blind date, right?
You don't have to if you don't want to.
What happens if I don't?
I'll try to talk to your dad tomorrow.
To be honest, if you get married now after going on that blind date,
you'll end up in the same situation as mine.
Be financially independent.
Get married when you want to.
Or don't. It doesn't matter to me.
No, Mom.
Dad just recovered. I think I'm going to go on the date.
Besides, that guy won't like me. I know it for sure.
Men don't like me.
Someone once told me.
That I look ugly,
have a terrible body, and my career stinks.
Who told you such nonsense?
Ignore those guys who are foolish and can't recognize your worth.
Nothing is wrong with you.
You have your own charms.
You can just meet a guy who recognizes them.
Mom, you're the best.
- Mom. - Goodness.
I think you're the prettiest in the world.
Who are those fools?
They are, right?
It doesn't matter who you are and what your condition is.
Even if you have a problem sexually.
I'm ready to like you with all my heart.
No, I already like you.
Honestly, I've never thought about you like that.
Sometimes, your behavior and words don't match.
I was carried away by the atmosphere.
Hey, this is a marvel-of-Peru. What a beautiful scent.
This is beautiful. Oh, dear.
What's up with the color?
What is this juice?
Your daughter asked for this.
She did?
What on earth is this?
I get that this is healthy, but this is terrible.
It's salty like it's mixed with spit and snot.
Goodness, what on earth is this?
Good morning, Mommy.
Good morning.
- Hi. - I'm going to work.
I almost forgot. Here.
Honey, drink this before you go.
We're going to drink this every morning.
Drink up.
What is it?
It's juice for our baby.
Green grapes, avocados, and perilla are in it.
My friend drank this juice and got pregnant with twins right away.
- Yeon Ju. - I told you.
I want a baby that takes after you.
Let's not waste our energy for nothing.
Let the nature take its own course. That's the best way.
Let's just live with whatever the universe gives us.
I'm going to work.
That punk. He and his temper.
He ought to cooperate if you want to have a baby.
He ought to do whatever it takes, as long as it helps you...
get pregnant.
It doesn't matter who drinks it, as long as it's effective.
From now on, stop talking.
Goodness.
What's wrong with you? You said you made the juice with all your heart.
No way.
Did you just have morning sickness?
Mom, does this mean I'm pregnant?
Oh, my! What are we going to do?
Goodness, you're pregnant.
My baby is having a baby.
- What do I do? - Hold on.
What should we do? Wait. Drink two cups. This is working.
Please get off the car, my lady.
Come on. Get off the car.
What's wrong with you? You're acting all awkward.
Come on. I told you.
To celebrate our reunion,
So Won told me to take care of you like a lady.
I only look like a lady,
but my heart has worn out.
That woman...
Yes? What is it?
Keep this in mind. Whatever you do,
make sure you win her heart over.
Hey, it's your day off. If you have time to call me,
spend some time with your wife.
My wife and I are doing great. Just work on your relationship.
Just like you said, having a stable family matters the most.
Are you all ready?
After you change, please press the bell.
Goodness, this is the best spa hotel in Gangnam.
This sure looks fantastic.
Hadn't it been for So Won, we wouldn't have had the chance.
Our son is the best.
Where are you going?
I'm going to change.
Come on. Don't act like this is the first time.
I've already seen your body. Just change here.
No.
I said it's okay.
Goodness. Just change your clothes here.
It's not like you have a great body or anything.
I don't want to.
How could you? Are we strangers?
Okay, the lady should get changed here.
The servant will go inside.
It's being festered for a few years from stress.
Dad doesn't even know anything about it.
I wish you could be happy from now.
My lady.
Should I also take my underwear off?
Why would you take that off? That's indecent.
I thought we were going to the spa later.
My underwear will get wet from the spa.
Should I go home not wearing any underwear?
You can just wear the shorts in the spa.
Okay.
We're living in luxury today, thanks to our son.
I will do whatever you want me to do, my lady.
My lady.
Please change.
Gosh.
What's wrong?
Mom, what should I do?
Oh, my.
What's going on?
We counted our chickens before they hatched,
and we two made a big fuss about it.
That's embarrassing.
Don't cry.
What's the point of looking at it?
What is this?
Oh, my.
Are these two lines?
Are you pregnant?
- There's a baby in here right now. - There is.
- There is. - Mom, I need to call Father.
Wait a minute.
You need to be careful with important matters like this.
Let's do one more time to be certain.
Let's tell everyone when you have one that has two clear red lines.
So wait a minute. Stay still.
Is this a new one?
Urinate on this one.
Can you do it? Do it one more time.
I'll turn to my back.
That's right. It's not hard.
Go ahead. Thank you.
This is my reward for being kind in life.
7, 8, 9, 10.
Exhale and lower your feet.
Namaste, you did a great job.
Namaste.
Thank you.
(The Scent of Philosophy)
Young Hye, I love you.
You're embarrassing me. Why are you laughing?
You should be moved.
They say you'll die if you do things you haven't been doing.
You don't have to be like this. Just make me feel comfortable.
Sit here.
Why?
Just sit here. Why do you talk so much?
Sit down.
What is wrong with you?
Hold on a second.
Oh, my.
What are you doing?
Stay still. I'm doing this because you're looking pretty today.
Let me go.
Stay still.
What are you doing when it's hot?
Hey, do you hate me that much?
I can't believe this.
Honestly,
I came back to my senses when you asked for a graduation.
Wait and see. I'm going to change completely.
I won't be troublesome like other retired men...
who ask for three meals a day.
I'll also give you an allowance to go on trips with your friends.
That's not what I want.
Then what do you want?
I want you to change your self-righteous personality.
Stop disregarding me for everything, and treat me like a human.
Understand and respect me.
I don't want to be your component. I want to be treated as a partner.
That's all I need.
Okay, I will treat you equally...
as you want from now on.
No, I will treat you like a queen.
Is that enough?
I'm not kidding.
This really is the last time.
What are you talking about?
I can't help it if you're offended.
If I continue living like this, I will probably die.
If you don't change,
I really won't stand it anymore.
Stop there.
I understand, so stop nagging me.
Stop. It's an order. Stop.
(SC Food and Beverage is recruiting new menu developers.)
Today's the cooking competition. How are you feeling?
Didn't you feel the house shaking?
Am I shaking?
Don't worry. It's obvious that you'll pass.
I dreamed a lucky dung dream for you.
You were so little,
and now you're teasing me just because you're big now?
Did anything happen at home?
Mom and Dad are shooting a melodrama throughout the year.
Something did happen. There was a scary witch.
- A witch? - Yes.
Dad's mother came to visit, and the atmosphere was frightening.
It feels dark like she will cause harm to us.
Since then, the two of them are whispering to each other every day.
I think they're worried, but they're not letting us know.
Really?
What kind of person is she?
Don't worry, leave it to me.
You should just focus on getting that funny girl.
Seoul is really nice. There are so many cute guys.
I would provide for the rest of their lives if they were mine.
I'll earn a lot of money.
What are you mumbling about?
- I missed you. - Me too.
I'm happy to see you, but why are you dressed so old?
Did you get these from a bin? Why are there holes here?
Don't even talk about it. I'm embarrassed.
Why? Did something happen?
I'm going on a blind date set up by my dad.
Ru Ri.
What should you do?
I'm really envious of you.
- You're envious? - Yes, I am.
Why would you be envious?
I really don't want to get married.
Why, because of Manager Jung?
Are you crazy? I'm not interested in him.
They say strong denial is an affirmation.
It isn't.
I'm not going to see him again.
So don't even mention him ever.
Okay.
What's your blind date like?
Is he handsome?
He looks like this.
Oh, my.
Doesn't he look unique?
Turn him over to me. I'll take him.
What? I thought you liked handsome men.
I'm not in a position to be picky.
You said you'd rather die than be on a blind date.
- I'll have him. - I can't do that.
He'll probably reject me, but I have to meet him because of my dad.
I'll do it for you.
Listen to me. It doesn't matter if he rejects you or me.
Your dad won't know at all.
You won't get hurt, and I'll get to go on a date...
with a guy after a long time.
I guess so.
Let me have him. I never asked you for anything like this.
Toss him to me. Can't you do that for your friend?
Here. Just do a part-time job instead of me during that time.
This was really hard to get. It's really easy to do.
What kind of job is it?
You'll know when you get there.
Here.
- It smells so good. - Here are some side dishes.
All right.
For the woman whom I love the most in the world, Mrs. Jung.
Yes, but don't just say that.
Please stay in Seoul for good this time.
You shouldn't do that here.
Get off.
Why? What's wrong?
Do you think you can get away with that because you're pretty?
How can you let any men hug you like that?
It's starting again.
Tae Yang, I think I should go see a dermatologist.
I have goose bumps all over my body.
Gosh.
That's nothing.
I don't eat chicken anymore because I don't want to see goose bumps.
Really?
Today's menu was samgyetang, but there's nothing for you.
Give it back.
By the way, Mom, I heard Eun Byul's grandmother was here.
What is she like?
Well, she is...
You don't need to worry.
She has nothing to do with me.
You never have to meet her or get involved with her...
ever again.
You need to be ready for the food contest today.
Let's eat first. You can do this, Tae Yang.
Go, Tae Yang!
- Let's do this! - Let's do this!
- 1, 2, 3. - Let's do this!
There's no chicken soup for you.
- No. - Let's eat.
All right.
I'm going to get two servings.
(Menu developer candidates)
These are the candidates who got into the second round?
Yes, these six candidates' menu portfolios have been accepted.
Is there anyone good enough?
There is one likely candidate called No Ji Shim.
He has won in every cooking competition.
If Chairman Kevin takes a liking to a person like that,
Jung Do will no longer have a place to work here.
By the way, what happened to the thing I asked you to do?
I told you to find out about Jung Hwa Young's second husband.
Here you go.
(Name: Kim Jin Woo)
Kim Jin Woo, 51 years old.
Former police officer.
He married Jung Hwa Young in 1995,
gave birth to their son Kim Woo Joo, and got divorced five years later.
Is this it?
He was addicted to gambling, so he got divorced,
and he lost his job.
So? Where is he now?
Well,
he doesn't have a permanent place where he is staying.
It's impossible to find him.
Bring him to me, even if that means you have to search the whole nation.
That's the only way I can separate Jung Do from that woman.
Do you understand?
Like this, slowly.
Hi, it's been a long time.
You've become like a Miss Korea since we got divorced.
You look so much better.
Why did you come here again?
You said you won't see me again.
It's been five years since you saw your ex-husband.
Aren't you being a little cold?
Get out right now. I have nothing to talk to you about.
All right. I came here because of you.
Does it upset you so much that I am here?
I'm going.
By the way,
someone is doing a background check on you.
Why is that?
What do you mean?
Who's doing a background check on me?
Someone was trying to find out information on me.
So I dug up a little.
I have a lot of police friends, you know.
So? What does that have to do with me?
They weren't interested about me.
It was about you.
So be careful.
So what did you tell them?
What did you tell them, Jin Woo?
Tell me what you said.
I'm thinking about what I should tell them.
Should I tell them everything about you?
Or should I tell them what you want me to tell them?
No, you can't say anything.
You shouldn't even meet them.
You can't. Don't meet them!
Of course. You're my son's mother.
I won't say anything bad about you.
But it seems like there are a lot of members learning here.
You must be earning a lot from here.
How much?
How much do you need? How much do you want?
You didn't need to.
I'll give you my account number. Transfer the money.
I'm going.
I beg you. My son's life depends on you.
So please be careful.
You need to be clear on that one.
You son is going to be in trouble.
Jung Tae Yang.
You had a lot of secret from the past.
If your son...
finds out about your secret,
what would happen?
(SC Food and Beverage)
SC Food and Beverage?
What kind of job is this?
(2017 SC Food and Beverage Menu Developing Contest)
Why isn't Myung Rang coming?
It's been a while.
What are you doing here?
I came here to work instead of Myung Rang.
What?
What should I do with her?
What is it?
Follow me.
Where are you going?
To the menu developing contest.
You're going to be my assistant today.
What?
This must be one of her jokes.
She made you do her job.
I can't do this. I'm sorry.
Why not?
Have you forgotten...
what you said to me?
I don't want to be involved with you,
whether it's personal or job related.
Goodbye.
I want to be involved with you.
Personally.
I'm sorry I hurt you that day.
I want to tell you something.
Please forgive me, and let's enter the contest first.
After this, we can grab something to eat and talk over this.
I don't have...
anything to talk about with you.
And it's too late for that.
I made a promise to my father to never meet you again.
And I will keep that promise.
Lee Ru Ri.
Lee Ru Ri!
I'm sorry.
It's all right. You can go.
Gosh, he's so clumsy.
He looks familiar.
Where did I see him?
Isn't that Jung Hwa Young's son?
Why is he here?
Jung Tae Yang.
- He made it to the second round. - What?
How dare he come here?
Make sure you stop him from entering the contest.
Ma'am.
Don't say anything. Do whatever it takes to stop him.
Hey, Lee Myung Rang. How could you...
How was your reunion with him?
Did you hug him too?
- Hey, Myung Rang. - Be nice to him.
Manager Jung stayed up all night for it. You must win.
Please stop trying to connect me with him.
You'll be fat if you say things you don't mean.
You can thank me later. Bye now, dear.
I'm on a date...
with a guy after a long while.
Are you seriously my friend?
She's only making me more confused when I'm trying to forget him.
(Manager Jung)
Manager Jung. I really don't have any feelings left...
I'm hurt.
Help me, please.
Hurry up.
What?
Where are you?
Manager Jung.
Are you okay?
You're bleeding.
You're here.
How can you smile?
What on earth happened?
Someone pushed me from the back,
but I'm not sure.
What?
Who?
That's not what's important now. The competition is starting soon.
In this condition?
No, you can't. You're hurt.
You even hurt your hand.
Cook as I tell you today.
- I need you. - What?
Pick up the ingredients.
No. I don't know how to cook.
Mom never let me cook saying...
that I'll get to cook endlessly when I get married.
I really can't.
We need to go to the hospital. I'll go ask for help.
I must withdraw if you don't help me.
Lee Ru Ri.
Manager Jung stayed up all night for it.
No. I really can't do it. There's no way.
(2017 SC Food and Beverage Menu Development Contest)
Now we'll begin the fifth SC Food and Beverage...
Menu Development Contest.
I'll confirm the second round nominees.
Number 47, No Ji Shim.
Yes.
- Number 68, Kim Myung Min. - Yes.
- Number 71, Hong Ji Hoon. - Yes.
Number 102, Jung Tae Yang.
Jung Tae Yang.
Is Mr. Jung Tae Yang not here?
Then he'll be considered withdrawn, and we'll begin the contest now.
Begin cooking for 80 minutes upon the sound of a buzzer.
Wait a moment.
Jung Tae Yang is here.
There was an accident, but I can cook.
- Did you bring yellow radishes? - Yes.
In the South pole, there are six types of penguins...
including emperor penguins.
Hello?
I'm in the hospital. Where else would I be?
I just got out of a surgery.
Come home fast.
My baby has a big problem.
A big problem.
What do you mean?
You can check it yourself when you get here.
Hurry up. Come on. Come on. Hurry up.
She never leaves me alone.
Gosh, she's tiring.
Here. Have a drink.
You'll feel rested.
Are you okay to drink?
Don't worry about it.
I'm fine now.
Money is good.
My skin feels so firm.
Even a fly will slip.
Feel my cheek here.
- It's okay. - Come on.
Try touching me.
It's smooth enough to slip.
Honey, did you mean what you said earlier?
Are you really going to understand and respect me?
I said don't worry about it.
How many times do I need to say it?
Can't you tell from what I did today?
Then let me ask you a favor.
Yes. Go ahead. What is it?
Tell me. I'll do anything for you.
Don't be so mean to Ru Ri.
She doesn't want to go on a blind date.
I'm fine with anything, but stay out of problems with Ru Ri.
You don't have a right to talk. Just enjoy the spa.
- Honey. - What are you doing?
No words can justify your action.
Who dragged her out from living in the bottomless mud?
If it wasn't for me, she'd be still...
living with that man in Guam.
He's a piece of garbage with no responsibility.
What if she had gotten pregnant?
That could have ruined Ru Ri's life.
That's not true.
Ru Ri told me their relationship is nothing like that.
He's just a manager.
- She was only borrowing a room. - How can you trust her?
She lied to me until now that she was working at...
the Visitors Bureau.
She was honest with me.
You will never know if she's being honest with you.
People who get in trouble aren't smart like So Won,
but dumb and stupid like Ru Ri.
My gosh. Watch your mouth, please.
You always say she's stupid.
That's why she's always discouraged and not confident.
Why's that my fault?
Honestly, she's stupid because she takes after you.
Ru Ri is 29 now.
No one knows what her future will be like,
so please give her time.
Stop it.
How dare you talk back to me?
Marriage is the best for someone so helpless like Ru Ri.
She falls behind in every sense except that she's young.
We must get rid of her before she turns 30.
It's pissing me off.
Oh, dear.
Honey.
Stop it now.
I worry about my daughter as much as you do.
I'll find the right man and make her marriage succeed like So Won's.
So Won's marriage?
Do you think that's so great?
He might be regretting his marriage.
What do you know?
There are so many doctors nowadays.
Owning three keys is nothing now.
So Won was able to open his own clinic in Gangnam,
thanks to his in-law.
And that's not all.
His wife is so obedient, and his mother-in-law is rich.
There's nothing to complain about.
Then why would he get himself a second house?
What?
What do you mean?
He said his house suffocates him,
so he got himself a studio without Yeon Ju knowing.
And he takes breaks there.
So Won's staying quiet,
but it must be difficult to live with his in-law.
He never smiles, and he looks worried.
Don't think too much.
A man can get a second house if he's competent.
When I was his age, I wanted to get away from my family too.
If he's on good terms with his wife, it won't be a problem.
If that's the case, why don't they have any children?
So Won is not happy.
Because of you, he's living unhappily...
with someone he doesn't like because she has good background.
We should have matched him with with Su Mi.
What?
Shut your mouth! How dare you...
talk to me about that?
Honey.
She was a wicked girl who was going to ruin my son's life.
Don't ever talk to me about her.
I don't even want to think about her.
Honey.
Did you do it?
Did you meet her while So Won was in the military?
If that wasn't the case, why would she leave him so suddenly...
despite having been deeply in love with him?
Did you break them apart?
Is that true? Is that it?
Shut it.
Shut it. Shut your mouth!
I'm warning you.
Don't talk to me about her again.
I won't let it slide by.
He has a good life now. What's the problem?
I'm home.
Doctor Lee,
I called you a long time ago. What were you doing...
that took you so long?
I'm sorry. I was just finishing up a surgery.
But what happened to Yeon Ju?
Congratulations, congratulations
Let's celebrate our love
You're all right. You startled me.
Gosh, this is a surprise for you.
Hurry up and turn the light out.
Something great is going to happen.
What is it?
Here.
You're...
In 10 months, you'll be a father,
and I'll be a mother.
You were so negative, but I see...
that you've been doing everything behind my back.
Do you like it? Are you excited? Are you happy?
Of course. Well done.
Do you want to watch...
a movie with me?
Let's have a dinner after that.
So Won said he booked one of the most popular restaurants for us.
You like nice dinners.
I heard it's nice.
Gosh, you're so mean.
You tease me, and then when I get angry,
you pretend to be the victim and act all sad.
People would think that I'm the bad guy here.
If you don't make me angry,
I'm as gentle as a sheep.
Why do you have to talk about the past that is unnecessary...
and make me look like a crazy person?
All right.
I will answer your question right now.
The person that made So Won break up...
with his ex-girlfriend wasn't me. I swear.
So don't suspect me of something like that.
Really?
It really wasn't you?
Yes, I swear.
That's a relief.
If you were the one who did that...
and matched him with a girl as if you were selling him,
I will never be able to forgive you.
I told you it wasn't me. It wasn't.
Yes?
What?
Is that true?
All right. Congratulations.
You don't need to worry about So Won anymore.
It has just proven that he's okay.
His wife has a baby.
Really?
Now, leave Ru Ri's marriage to me.
Before she does anything strange, I will match her with someone.
Are you tired?
You're doing well.
10 minutes left.
You need to finish up.
What should we do?
Everyone is finishing up, and yet this is all we have.
Don't worry.
We just need to pour the sauce, and we're done with the steak.
- Really? - Here's the sauce.
Okay.
Take the meat out and...
No!
What are you doing?
If you're going to cause problems, you should leave now.
I'm sorry, but I want to continue.
There's eight minutes left. Would he be able to finish by then?
I'm so sorry, Manager Jung.
Let's go inside.
I'm sorry, Manager Jung.
You ruined everything because of me.
I can't do it anymore.
You're doing well. Let's go inside.
I don't want to.
You've been preparing a lot for this,
but I ruined everything.
I should have told you that I couldn't do it from the start.
Listen to me.
You can do it. Do you know why?
Having impeccable taste is the most important thing in cooking.
I've never seen anyone eat something as well as you do.
When you were in Guam, you recognized all the ingredients.
That's just because I like eating, and I also eat a lot.
(Chinese pepper)
Smell it.
I don't know well, but it smells like Chinese pepper.
It's pepper used to season malatang.
My mom uses it to season sujebi because it tastes refreshing.
She always uses it for sujebi.
Am I still wrong?
This is...
Let's not give up.
We still have six minutes left.
Let's go.
I'll give you a riddle.
What do you call the person who just got out of a restroom?
How should I know that?
Japanese.
What?
Who went to the restroom.
The person who went to the restroom. Japanese.
It's hilarious.
I see.
Shall we get going now?
Shall we meet again on Friday?
I'm sorry. I'll be working late.
- Then Saturday? - I'm going on a business trip.
- Then next week? - I'm...
going to the army.
If you want this back, meet me here on Friday.
Hey, Lee Ru Ri.
Hey, I'll kill you if I catch you.
What's wrong with her?
Why doesn't she just leave?
She's scary.
Pour it now.
Time's up.
Stop right there.
We'll now judge it.
(No Ji Shim)
I've mixed Korean food with Western food.
It's pork neck steak with kimchi pilaf.
You know you get no point for the presentation, right?
Yes. I'm sorry.
I didn't have time for decoration because I redid it.
Please taste it first.
Doesn't food taste good when it looks good?
Sometimes there's an exception.
(Hwa Young Dance Studio)
You had a lot of secret from the past.
If your son finds out about your secret,
what would happen?
What are you doing here? Why didn't you pick up your phone?
I'm sorry. I had to clean up.
Did you cry?
No. Dust went in my eyes.
Are you hiding something?
You said...
Mother will do anything to bring you back.
Does that include me?
What do you mean?
Someone's going after me.
I can't think of anyone but Mother.
That's possible.
But why is that a problem?
There's nothing about you.
I know...
there's something you're hiding from me,
but I can tell how much you suffered...
from the fact that Tae Yang and Woo Joo have different fathers.
Don't worry about it.
I don't care what kind of person you were...
or what you did in the past.
I'm happy with who you are now.
Why can't you handle it properly?
Because of you, Jung Tae Yang is about to enter my company.
I'm sorry.
But there's still the third interview with the chairman.
You'll be fired if you do anything that you'll be sorry for.
Bring Jung Hwa Young's second husband as soon as possible.
Yes, ma'am.
Here's your medicine, Manager Jung.
Okay.
Take it three times a day after the meal. Don't forget to take it.
Thank you.
- It's a lucky day today. - Pardon?
No bone is broken.
Even though I'm the last, but I passed the second round.
And I also found a useful assistant.
I'll leave now since you're okay.
What's wrong?
The third round is next week.
I won't get any better by then. We need to work together.
I can't.
I don't have a right nor the confidence.
Find another assistant.
I make the decision. You have a right and the confidence.
So you must join me for the third round.
I don't want to.
Why not? Do you want a raise?
That's not it.
Don't make me confused.
You are the one confusing me.
Can't you tell why I joined the menu development contest?
Can't you tell?
Are you saying it's for me?
You said you're not interested in Guam.
I was wrong.
That's why I came back.
Manager Jung. I...
Hey, aren't you hungry?
You can answer me after the meal.
I'm hungry.
- Hello. You can give me the key. - Hi.
Thank you.
This is the hot place now.
That's why there are many young people here.
Let's go on a date since it's been a while.
Let's go in.
For the reunion with Ru Ri. Cheers.
For your final menu development winning.
Excuse me.
Hello?
- For two. - Follow me, please.
What are you doing here?